Luckperms permission events (#2794)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Scripting/Building-Blocks/Integration-List.md

Check the [Luck Perms documentation](https://luckperms.net/wiki/Context)
for an in-depth explanation on what contexts are and how to add them to permissions.

### Permissions
In case you still want to add and remove permissions directly and dont want to have the chat spam when you use the

> command events, you can use the `luckperms addPermission' and `luckperms removePermission` events. It's designed to

Reviewer: Wrong quoting

> handle the most important functions of LuckPerms.

Reviewer: The command event should not spamm the console. So is this maybe a bug?

Author: Just a wrong formulation on my part

 ```YAML title="Example"
 events:
   addDefaultGroup: "luckperms addPermission permission:group.default,group.quester" #(1)!
   addNegated: "luckperms addPermission permission:tutorial.done value:false" #(2)!
   addWithContext: "luckperms addPermission permission:group.legend context:server;lobby" #(3)!
   addTemporary: "luckperms addPermission permission:donator.level.one expiry:20 unit:MINUTES" #(4)!
   removeTutorial: "luckperms removePermission permission:tutorial.done"
   removeMultiple: "luckperms removePermission permission:tutorial.done,group.default" #(5)!
 ```

1. You can define single or multiple permissions with the `permission` key. You need to separate them with a comma.
2. You can define Permissions with a optional `value` of `false` to negate them and give them to the player. If you want to override the value of the permission, you can use the `value` argument and set it to `true`.
3. You can also add optional `context`s to the permissions like `server;lobby`. Read more about contexts [here]

> (https://luckperms.net/wiki/Context). You can define multiple contexts by separating them with a comma.

Reviewer 2: You've broken this into a seperate line.
First in my eyes the line break is in a "bad" spot (between the text to click and the link).
Second `1.` and `4.` both don't have the line breakings resulting in an inconsistent source file (even if this does not effect the actual generated file).

> 3. You can also add optional `context`s to the permissions like `server;lobby`. Read more about contexts [here](https://luckperms.net/wiki/Context). You can define multiple contexts by separating them with a `,`.

Reviewer: 1 and 3 should use consistent wording, so i recommend comma as word, not as `,`
same for 5

Check the [Luck Perms documentation](https://luckperms.net/wiki/Context)
for an in-depth explanation on what contexts are and how to add them to permissions.

### Permissions

> In case you still want to add and remove permissions directly and don't want to have the LuckPerms changelog chat spam 
> when executing the LuckPerms command via the Server or a player with enough permissions you can use the `luckperms 
> addPermission` and `luckperms removePermission` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to directly add or remove permissions without triggering the LuckPerms changelog chat notifications,
you can utilize the `luckperms addPermission` and `luckperms removePermission` events. 
```
I think this would be less confusing
